simplified_cursor_control/README.md, before:

# Simplified Cursor Control Extension

A Chrome/Firefox extension to simplify cursor movement for web-browsing. Currently, Chrome extension and Firefox add-on are supported.

## Features
- Google Search Hyperlink Enlarger: enlarges the clickable area of a search result block when hovering
makes a button larger when hovering
- Click Nearest Element: highlights the nearest clickable hyperlink and makes it clickable without hovering
- Button Enlarger: makes a button larger when hovering

## Installation
## Firefox 
1. Search for "Simplified Cursor Control" by SimpleGest Group in [Firefox browser ADD-ONS Extensions](https://addons.mozilla.org/), or install directly from [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/simplified-cursor-control/?utm_source=addons.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=search).
2. Click the extension's button, and click the switch to activate respective funciton.

## Chrome 
1. Download this directory to your local machine.
2. Enable "Developer mode" in a Chromium-based browser, such as Chrome or Edge.
3. Load unpacked extensions by selecting this directory.
4. Click the extension's button, and click the switch to activate respective funciton.

Commit message:

Update README for simplified cursor control
Add Popup Reminder feature description to README

simplified_cursor_control/README.md, after:

# Simplified Cursor Control Extension

A Chrome/Firefox extension to simplify cursor movement for web-browsing. Currently, Chrome extension and Firefox add-on are supported.

## Features
- Google Search Hyperlink Enlarger: enlarges the clickable area of a search result block when hovering
makes a button larger when hovering
- Click Nearest Element: highlights the nearest clickable hyperlink and makes it clickable without hovering
- Button Enlarger: makes a button larger when hovering
- Popup Reminder: reminds users to click background to close a popup window with blinking effect (offered only in Chrome Extention)

## Installation
## Firefox 
1. Search for "Simplified Cursor Control" by SimpleGest Group in [Firefox browser ADD-ONS Extensions](https://addons.mozilla.org/), or install directly from [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/simplified-cursor-control/?utm_source=addons.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=search).
2. Click the extension's button, and click the switch to activate respective funciton.

## Chrome 
1. Download this directory to your local machine.
2. Enable "Developer mode" in a Chromium-based browser, such as Chrome or Edge.
3. Load unpacked extensions by selecting this directory.
4. Click the extension's button, and click the switch to activate respective funciton.
